Fix overlay generation for nPM 1300 and nPM 1304 (#335)
NordicSemiconductor/pc-nrfconnect-npm: Changelog.md

## 2.2.5 - Unreleasd

### Fixed

> - Fixed missing configurations in the generated overlay for nPM1300 and nPM1304.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue with missing configurations in the generated overlays for nPM1300 and nPM1304.
```
